hello/hellospring/domain/User.java
 hello.hellospring.domain.User
hello/hellospring/repository/JpaTimetableRepository.java
 hello.hellospring.repository.JpaTimetableRepository
hello/hellospring/repository/MajorRepository.java
 hello.hellospring.repository.MajorRepository
hello/hellospring/controller/MemberController.java
 hello.hellospring.controller.MemberController
hello/hellospring/SpringConfig.java
 hello.hellospring.SpringConfig
hello/hellospring/domain/Member.java
 hello.hellospring.domain.Member
hello/hellospring/domain/Majors.java
 hello.hellospring.domain.Majors
hello/hellospring/domain/User1_dropmajor.java
 hello.hellospring.domain.User1_dropmajor
hello/hellospring/WebConfig.java
 hello.hellospring.WebConfig
hello/hellospring/repository/JpaMemberRepository.java
 hello.hellospring.repository.JpaMemberRepository
hello/hellospring/service/TimetableService.java
 hello.hellospring.service.TimetableService
hello/hellospring/controller/MemberForm.java
 hello.hellospring.controller.MemberForm
hello/hellospring/repository/JpaMajorRepository.java
 hello.hellospring.repository.JpaMajorRepository
hello/hellospring/controller/HomeController.java
 hello.hellospring.controller.HomeController
hello/hellospring/repository/TimetableRepository.java
 hello.hellospring.repository.TimetableRepository
hello/hellospring/service/MemberService.java
 hello.hellospring.service.MemberService
hello/hellospring/repository/MemberRepository.java
 hello.hellospring.repository.MemberRepository
hello/hellospring/controller/MajorController.java
 hello.hellospring.controller.MajorController
hello/hellospring/HelloSpringApplication.java
 hello.hellospring.HelloSpringApplication
hello/hellospring/domain/TimeTable.java
 hello.hellospring.domain.TimeTable
hello/hellospring/controller/TestController.java
 hello.hellospring.controller.TestController
hello/hellospring/service/MajorService.java
 hello.hellospring.service.MajorService
